---
layout: page
title: 'Terms and Conditions'
---

Please read these Terms of Service before using airsurety.com and the services and features offered therein. The purpose of the Terms of Service is to set forth the legally binding terms and conditions for your use of the site and the services provided by Airsurety.

### Legal Disclaimers

You understand and agree that the information and other content appearing on airsurety.com or developed with your input or the input of our partners is for informational purposes only. Airsurety does not make and hereby disclaims any and all warranties, express or implied, as to the reliability, accuracy, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of any content appearing on the website. The Terms of Service set forth herein shall apply to any and all of your uses of Airsurety.com and shall survive in the event that you terminate your contract with Airsurety or terminate your web access.

Airsurety’s failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms of Service shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. The course of conduct between you and Airsurety shall not act to modify any provision of these Terms of Service. Airsurety may assign its rights and duties hereunder to any third party at any time without notice to you. Airsurety reserves the right, in it’s sole discretion, to modify or replace any of these Terms of Service, or change, suspend, or discontinue the services (including without limitation, the availability of any feature, database, or content) at any time by posting a notice on the site or by sending you notice through the services, via e-mail or by another appropriate means of electronic communication. Your continued use of the site or services following notification of any changes to these Terms of Service constitutes acceptance of those changes. Airsurety may deliver notice to you concerning these Terms of Service by means of electronic mail, by a general notice posted on the website, or by written communication delivered by first-class U.S. mail to your address on record in Airsurety’s files.

You represent that you have properly identified yourself and properly identified others by entering your name and theirs, if applicable, as well as personal identifiers when asked. You shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless us, our affiliates and each of our and their respective employees, contractors, directors, suppliers and representatives from all liabilities, claims, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, that arise from or relate to your use or misuse of, or access to, the services and content we offer, violation of these Terms of Service, or infringement by you, or any third party using your identity in the services, of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. Airsurety reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will assist and cooperate with us in asserting any available defenses.

IN NO EVENT SHALL WE, NOR OUR DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR CONTENT PROVIDERS, BE LIABLE UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE OR ANY OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY WITH RESPECT TO THE SERVICES (I) FOR ANY LOST PROFITS, DATA LOSS, COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, COMPENSATORY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES (HOWEVER ARISING), (II) FOR ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE (REGARDLESS OF THE SOURCE OF ORIGINATION), OR (III) FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) OF THE GREATER OF (A) FEES PAID TO US FOR THE PARTICULAR SERVICES DURING THE IMMEDIATELY PREVIOUS THREE (3) MONTH PERIOD OR (B) $1.00.